add Option to parser line so that labels and class commands are not generated
also fix the way namespacing is handled!
- done, but kept label commands to keep linespacing sensible. Removing labels breaks the line spacing for 
- gotos

finish implementing std library
- done, but there are bugs :(

add key mapping in javascript to handle enter, backspace, arrow keys, etc.
- done

link display directly to web-sys canvas

profile rust code to find and optimize slow areas


overflow bug in Keyboard.readLine(): Keep typing characters - at 82nd character, overflow on display address
- fixed with a guard against appending to a full string

bug in Keyboard.readLine(): when pressing enter, the key is incorrectly printed (as a blank character) before string is returned, but is not appended to the string
- fixed by only printing and appending characters with value < 128, thus excluding non-printing characters like arrow keys

bug with arrays: when doing Average test, the resulting value is incorrect
- to replicate, run Average and try typing in some stuff. Answer is blank or wrong

Memory leak in readInt and readLine. Dispose input string before returning.

When calling readInt and readLine, don't use a string literal because it leaks memory. 
Pass in a string argument and dispose after

library tests:
array:      OK
keyboard:   OK
math:       OK
memory:     OK
output:     OK
screen:     OK
string:     OK
sys:        Not tested


build a react frontend :D
1. install react app
2. install craco
3. add craco config
4. install wasm-loader using npm and use to load wasm module
5. copy wasm package to react app root, and add package to package.json as dependency
6. use file: notation to import wasm package in package.json
7. run npm install
8. change run/build scripts to craco instead of react-scripts
9. load wasm app asynchronously and test with greet() function


Other to-dos (in no particular order):
1. Link ram display to wasm to improve performance
2. Implement a way to terminate VM program
3. Implement reset of VM program
4. Implement a way to communicate to front end that program is finished running
5. Implement Sys.wait
6. Implement Sys.exit